I spend a lot of my free time doing music-related activities.
I sometimes choose music that can trigger shivers down my spine.
I enjoy writing about music, for example on blogs and forums.
If somebody starts singing a song I don't know, I can usually join in.
I am able to judge whether someone is a good singer or not.
I usually know when I'm hearing a song for the first time.
I can sing or play music from memory.
I'm intrigued by musical styles I'm not familiar with and want to find out more.
Pieces of music rarely evoke emotions for me.
I am able to hit the right notes when I sing along with a recording.
I find it difficult to spot mistakes in a performance of a song even if I know the tune.
I can compare and discuss differences between two performances or versions of the same piece of music.
I have trouble recognizing a familiar song when played in a different way or by a different performer.
I have never been complimented for my talents as a musical performer.
I often read or search the internet for things related to music.
I often pick certain music to motivate or excite me.
I am not able to sing in harmony when somebody is singing a familiar tune.
I can tell when people sing or play out of time with the beat.
I am able to identify what is special about a given musical piece.
I am able to talk about the emotions that a piece of music evokes for me.
I don't spend much of my disposable income on music.
I can tell when people sing or play out of tune.
When I sing, I have no idea whether I'm in tune or not.
Music is kind of an addiction for me - I couldn't live without it.
I don't like singing in public because I'm afraid that I would sing wrong notes.
When I hear a piece of music I can usually identify its genre.
I would not consider myself a musician.
I keep track of new music that I come across (e.g. new artists or recordings).
After hearing a new song two or three times, I can usually sing it by myself.
I only need to hear a new tune once and I can sing it back hours later.
Music can evoke my memories of past people and places.