The girl got an A on the test?
The boss had a desk by the window?
The host brought a cake to the party?
The nun left the church in a hurry?
The guard had a gun in his holster?
The thief fled the town the next morning?
The king sent a gift from his castle?
The spy wrote a book about the case?
The coach checked the file of the gymnast?
The queen owned a castle by the lake?
The coach had a fight with the manager?
The dog licked its wounds in the corner?
The shark won the fight in the end?
The chef quit the job at the house?
The cop crossed the street at the light?
The nurse left his pills at the office?
The cook signed the check at the bank?
The guard made a call about the matter?
The bride told a joke about the past?
The wolf hurt its paws on the way?
The aunt raised a toast to the parents?
The monk lit a candle on the table?
The judge left the room with a smile?
The guest poured the wine from the jug?
The nerd broke the vase with the flowers?
The bat made a loop in the air?
The truck had a scratch on the door?
The pipe had a hole in the middle?
The duck left the farm the next day?
The aunt sang a song for the guests?
The yacht made a turn at the boathouse?
The bed was too old to be moved?
The maid had a tear on her cheek?
The clerk had a crush on the intern?
The cake made a mess in the bag?
The boy had a voice full of anger?
The man had a hat on his head?
The car had a man at the wheel?
The girl had a head of blonde hair?
The ant was as big as a coin?
The piano had dust on its top?
The man left his wallet in the car?
The girl was too late for the bus?
The banker hurt his foot in the brawl?
The mum gave a gift to say thanks?
The chef had a son with a limp?
The guy was a chef in the city?
The dad had some mud on his shoes?
The wife put a stone in the basket?
The Dad left the house in a hurry?
The goat drank some water from the stream?
The clown had a scratch on his chin?
The poet put a note on the desk?
The snitch hurt her hand in the fight?
The duke had a sip from his glass?
The brat broke the vase on the shelf?
The crew had some lunch on the job?
The kid wore a watch that was new?
The bear had some blood on its fur?
The dwarf left the room full of anger?
The boss had a son in the school?
The crowd was not happy with the result?
The date lit the candle on the table?
The chef had a scar on her ankle?
The goat dug a hole in the grass?
The bard had a date on that night?
The goth told a joke to their friends?
The teen was too late for the meeting?
The crook closed the door with the switch?
The gent had a rose in his jacket?
The baker had a head of brown hair?
The witch had a plan that was evil?
The plate was too old for the shop?
The knife had a price that was too high?
The kid had a voice that was strange?
The geek had a party on that day?
The maid wrote a letter to the mayor?
The boy had a grudge that was strong?
The cop poured a glass of cold water?
The man made a note of what happened?
The Queen fought the man in the castle?
The bloke had a friend that was near?
The scout left the house in a fury?
The liar wore a hat on her head?