The boy got an A on the test?
The clerk had a desk by the window?
The guest brought a cake to the party?
The priest left the church in a hurry?
The thief had a gun in his holster?
The crook fled the town the next morning?
The knight sent a gift from his castle?
The cop wrote a book about the case?
The nurse checked the file of the gymnast?
The count owned a castle by the lake?
The scout had a fight with the manager?
The cat licked its wounds in the corner?
The whale won the fight in the end?
The maid quit the job at the house?
The bum crossed the street at the light?
The man left the pills at the office?
The priest signed the check at the bank?
The dean made a call about the matter?
The friend told a joke about the past?
The fox hurt its paws on the way?
The groom raised a toast to the parents?
The nun lit a candle on the table?
The guy left the room with a smile?
The king poured the wine from the jug?
The girl broke the vase with the flowers?
The owl made a loop in the air?
The car had a scratch on the door?
The rod had a hole in the middle?
The horse left the farm the next day?
The niece sang a song for the guests?
The boat made a turn at the boathouse?
The desk was too old to be moved?
The cook had a tear on her cheek?
The boss had a crush on the intern?
The fruit made a mess in the bag?
The dean had a voice full of anger?
The thug had a hat on his head?
The truck had a man at the wheel?
The prince had blonde hair?
The bug was as big as a coin?
The shelf had some dust on its top?
The tradie left his wallet in the car?
The chief was too late for the bus?
The sailor hurt his foot in the brawl?
The bloke gave a gift to say thanks?
The dad had a son with a limp?
The dancer was a chef in the city?
The kid had some mud on his shoes?
The monk put a stone in the basket?
The vet left the house in a hurry?
The lion drank some water from the stream?
The creep had a scratch on his chin?
The judge put a note on the desk?
The cop hurt her hand in the fight?
The fraud had a sip from his glass?
The bro broke the vase on the shelf?
The men had some lunch on the job?
The jock wore a watch that was new?
The wolf had some blood on its fur?
The elf left the room full of anger?
The punk had a son in the school?
The mayor was not happy with the result?
The niece lit the candle on the table?
The guard had a scar on her ankle?
The puppy dug a hole in the grass?
The guy had a date on that night?
The ghoul told a joke to their friends?
The spouse was too late for the meeting?
The geek closed the door with the switch?
The chap had a rose in his jacket?
The lady had a head of brown hair?
The beast had a plan that was evil?
The mug was too old for the shop?
The coin had a price that was high?
The coach had a voice that was strange?
The clown had a party on that day?
The poet wrote a letter to the mayor?
The girl had a grudge that was strong?
The wife poured a glass of cold water?
The bride made a note of what happened?
The duke fought the man in the castle?
The host had a friend that was near?
The liar left the house in a fury?
The vet wore a hat on her head?