Welcome to the experiment. Thank you for participating!
This experiment is composed of a series of short trials (~20mins), and then at the end, there will be a questionnaire(5mins).
In each trial, you will hear an auditory beat that you are to start tapping along to with your finger on the drumpad.
Specifically, you are to only tap on the 'strong' beats, which occur once every 3 beats. 
At some point the auditory beats will be replaced by speech. Your task is to continue tapping once every 3 beats while listening to this speech.
At the end of the speech, a probe-question will appear on the screen that tests your understanding of the sentence you've just heard.
You respond with YES, using the 'y' key, if this probe correctly follows from the sentence you've just heard, and NO, using 'n' if it doesn't.
If you have no idea of the answer, either because you found the sentence hard, or your concentration lapsed. Press 'd' for "don't know" (if it would otherwise be a random guess)
For example, if the sentence was "Mary likes chocolate", and the probe was "Mary likes apples?", you would answer NO as you don't know if Mary likes apples from that sentence.
When the probe question appears on the screen, you are to respond as soon as you know the answer. If you take longer than 5 seconds, you will be reminded to speed up on the next trial. Accuracy is still important, however, so do not go too quickly.
You will get practise trials before the real experiment begins, so don't worry if it doesn't make sense yet. 
You control when each trial starts, so feel free to take short breaks to keep your concentration high. And you are always welcome to ask the experimenter questions during these breaks if anything is unclear.
It is very important that you feel confident in your understanding of the task and are giving it your full attention. Making mistakes is part of the experiment, though, so do not worry when this happens.
Good science is made possible by good participants, so thank you in advance for your cooperation. We really appreciate it!
During the trials, keep your index fingers resting on the 'y' and 'n' key ready to press the button. 
Press the spacebar to start some practice trials (that don't count for the main experiment). Use these to make sure everything makes sense. 